Agents can now do real business, not just make payments
Today, we publish Agent Payments Protocol (APP), the new open standard defining how agents communicate and negotiate, pay for services and pay each other. For the first time, agents can now move beyond simple payments and into full-scale commerce, completing the full spectrum of tasks including drafting quotes, hiring specialists, escrow of funds, resolving disputes and much more, with escrow and dispute resolution coming soon.
The full commerce lifecycle, for the first time
When we consider the complexity of human commerce and trade today, it goes far beyond a single transaction. Humans quote, negotiate, change their mind, want to pay in different ways - and sometimes end up in dispute. APP addresses these needs and behaviours, to fundamentally change what agents are capable of. It is designed to replace closed payment networks designed for human authorisation flows and transactions, with open infrastructure and tooling designed for the machines that will power the agentic economy.
APP is designed to enable new capabilities for agents in three ways:
Agents operate and communicate autonomously across the full commerce lifecycle
Agents can pay each other (as well as paying for services and merchants)
Agents can pay in different ways: such as up-front, top-up and deduct, or via plans.
How APP improves on existing agentic payment solutions
An open standard built for every builder in the agentic economy
The internet's greatest breakthroughs, like email and web browsing, succeeded because they were built using open rules, not closed products. In the same spirit, APP is an open protocol. It will become the new standard for agent commerce, designed for every builder and agent on every major blockchain. Solana, Ethereum, and any other chain can build compatible implementations.  
From Day 1, we welcome influential developer teams including Ethereum Foundation, Uniswap and Solana who share our vision for an open agentic economy. Their engagement signals what is to come, as we welcome more builders, developers and agents to deploy on, contribute to and extend APP.